AU	Auricular (Otic); administration to or by way of the ear.
BUC	Buccal; referring to the inside lining of the cheeks and is part of the lining mucosa.
EPI	Epidural; administration upon or over the dura mater.
IA	Intra-arterial; administration within an artery or arteries.
IART	Intra-articular; administration within a joint.
ICAR	Intracardiac; administration with the heart.
IDUC	Intraductal; administration within the duct of a gland.
IFOL	Intrafollicular; administered within the follicle.
IGAS	Intragastric; administration within the stomach.
ILES	Intralesional; administration within or introduced directly into a localized lesion.
IM	Intramuscular; administration within a muscle.
IMAM	Intramammary; administered within the teat canal.
IMRS	Immersion; administered by immersing completely in solution.
INF	Infiltration; administered in a diffuse pattern to multiple sites.
INH	Respiratory (Inhalation); administration within the respiratory tract by inhaling orally or nasally for local or systemic effect.
IP	Intraperitoneal; administration within the peritoneal cavity.
ISIN	Intrasinal; administration within the nasal or periorbital sinuses.
ISYN	Intrasynovial; administration within the synovial cavity of a joint.
IT	Intrathecal; administration within the cerebrospinal fluid at any level of the cerebrospinal axis, including injection into the cerebral ventricles.
ITES	Intratesticular; administration within the testicle.
IU	Intrauterine; administration within the uterus.
IV	Intravenous; administration within or into a vein or veins.
IVES	Intravesical; administration within the bladder.
NAS	Nasal; administration to the nose; administered by way of the nose.
NG	Nasogastric; administration through the nose and into the stomach, usually by means of a tube.
OU	Ophthalmic; administration to the external eye.
PAR	Parenteral; administration by injection, infusion, or implantation.
PNEU	Perineural; administration surrounding a nerve or nerves.
PO	Oral; administration to or by way of the mouth.
PV	Vaginal; administration into the vagina.
REC	Rectal; administration to the rectum.
SC	Subcutaneous; administration beneath the skin; hypodermic. Synonymous with the term SUBDERMAL.
SCi	Subcutaneous Implant; administered by placing under the skin.
SL	Sublingual; administration beneath the tongue.
TOP	Topical; administration to a particular spot on the outer surface of the body.
TOPp	Topical, Pour On; administered to the skin by pouring liquid over the back.
TD	Transdermal; administered through the dermal layer of the skin.